# Qlife announces the last day of trading in BTA

**Published:** Wed, 01 Apr 2026 16:33:33 GMT
**Source:** [https://news.cision.com/se/qlife-holding-ab/r/qlife-announces-the-last-day-of-trading-in-bta,c4330399](https://news.cision.com/se/qlife-holding-ab/r/qlife-announces-the-last-day-of-trading-in-bta,c4330399)
**GUID:** cision5336745
**Cision ID:** qlife-holding-ab
**Keywords:** 

---

NOT FOR RELEASE, DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO, THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, AUSTRALIA, BELARUS, CANADA, HONG KONG, JAPAN, NEW ZEALAND, RUSSIA, SINGAPORE, SOUTH AFRICA, SOUTH KOREA, SWITZERLAND OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE RELEASE, DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL OR REQUIRE REGISTRATION OR ANY OTHER MEASURE
                        

**The rights issue that was announced by Qlife Holding AB (publ) (“Qlife” or the “Company”) on 22 January 2026, which was approved by an extraordinary general meeting on 26 February 2026 (the “Rights Issue”), has been partially registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (*Sw.* Bolagsverket) and paid subscribed shares (BTA) will be replaced with shares. The last day of trading with BTA is 8 April 2026, and the record date with Euroclear Sweden AB is 10 April 2026, whereafter shares will be booked in each shareholder's VP account/depository on 14 April 2026.**

Following the partial registration of the Rights Issue, including the directed share issue to guarantors announced by the Company on 24 March 2026, the total number of shares in the Company amounts to 26,111,840 and the share capital amounts to SEK 4,177,894.40. Allotment of a total of 2,762,337 shares to certain investors is subject to notification to the Swedish Inspectorate of Strategic Products (the “**ISP**”) under the Swedish Act (2023:560) on the Screening of Foreign Direct Investments (the “**FDI Act**”) (*Sw.* lag (2023:560) om granskning av utländska direktinvesteringar). Allotment of these shares will be carried out only after the ISP leaves the notifications without action, or, following a potential investigation, approval has been obtained from the ISP. Upon full registration of the Rights Issue, the total number of shares in the Company will amount to 28,874,177 and the share capital will amount to SEK 4,619,868.32.

**Advisors**

Eminova Partners Corporate Finance AB act as financial advisor, and Eminova Fondkommission AB has been appointed as issuing agent, in connection with the Rights Issue. Moll Wendén Advokatbyrå AB is legal advisor to Qlife.

**For more information, please contact:  **

Thomas Warthoe

Chief Executive Officer (CEO)

Phn: +45 21 63 35 34

E-mail: [tw@egoo.health](mailto:tw@egoo.health)

**About Qlife**

Qlife is a Swedish company based in Göteborg, which develops and markets an innovative medical technology platform, Egoo.Health (“**Egoo**”), with the goal of giving people access to clinical biomarker data when testing at home. The company is listed on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market (ticker: QLIFE). G&W Fondkommission is the Company’s Certified Adviser. For additional information, please visit [www.qlifeholding.com](http://www.qlifeholding.com).

**Important information **

The publication, release or distribution of this press release in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and persons in the jurisdictions in which this press release has been published or distributed should inform themselves about and observe any such legal restrictions. The recipient of this press release is responsible for using this press release and the information contained herein in accordance with the applicable rules in each jurisdiction. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for any securities issued by the Company in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful.

This press release is not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “**Prospectus Regulation**”) and has not been approved or reviewed by any regulatory authority in any jurisdiction. A prospectus has not been prepared in connection with the Rights Issue. Nor does this press release constitute an exemption document in the form prescribed by the Prospectus Regulation Annex IX.

This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States. The securities referred to herein may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “**Securities Act**”), or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of such securities in the United States. The information in this press release may not be announced, published, copied, reproduced or distributed, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, in or into the United States of America, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Hong Kong, South Korea, Singapore, South Africa, Switzerland, Russia or Belarus or any other jurisdiction where such announcement, publication or distribution of this information would be unlawful or where such action is subject to legal restrictions or would require additional registration or other measures than those required by Swedish law. Actions contrary to this instruction may constitute a violation of applicable securities laws.

In the United Kingdom, this press release and any other materials in relation to the securities described herein is only being distributed to, and is only directed at, and any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to, and will be engaged in only with, “qualified investors” who are (i) persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within the definition of “investment professionals” in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “**Order**”); or (ii) high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). In the United Kingdom, any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to, and will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Persons who are not relevant persons should not take any action on the basis of this press release and should not act or rely on it.

The Company considers that it carries out protection-worthy activities under the FDI Act. According to the FDI Act, the Company must inform presumptive investors that the Company’s activities may fall under the regulation and that the investment may be subject to mandatory filing. If an investment is subject to mandatory filing, it must prior to its completion, be filed with the ISP. An investment may be subject to mandatory filing if i) the investor, a member of the investor’s ownership structure or a person on whose behalf the investor is acting would, after the completion of the investment, hold votes in the Company equal to, or exceeding any of the thresholds of 10, 20, 30, 50, 65 or 90 percent of the total number of votes in the Company, ii) the investor would, as a result of the investment, acquire the Company, and the investor, a member of the investor’s ownership structure or a person on whose behalf the investor is acting, would, directly or indirectly, hold 10 percent or more of the total number of votes in the Company, or iii) the investor, a member of the investor’s ownership structure or a person on whose behalf the investor is acting, would acquire, as a result of the investment, direct or indirect influence on the management of the Company. The investor may be imposed an administrative sanction charge if a mandatory filing investment is carried out before the ISP either i) decided to leave the notification without action or ii) authorised the investment. Each shareholder should consult an independent legal adviser on the possible application of the FDI Act in relation to the Rights Issue for the individual shareholder.

This press release does not identify or purport to identify any risks (direct or indirect) that may be associated with an investment in new shares. This press release does not constitute an invitation to underwrite, subscribe or otherwise acquire or transfer securities in any jurisdiction. This press release does not constitute a recommendation for any investor's decision regarding the Rights Issue. Each investor or potential investor should conduct its own investigation, analysis and evaluation of the business and information described in this press release and any publicly available information. The price and value of the securities may go down as well as up and past performance is no guide to future results. Neither the contents of the Company's website nor any other website accessible through hyperlinks on the Company's website are incorporated into or form part of this press release.

**Forward-looking statements**

This press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect the Company's intentions, beliefs or expectations regarding the Company's future results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies and opportunities and the markets in which the Company operates. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by the use of words such as “believes”, “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “estimates”, “will”, “may”, “anticipates”, “should”, “could” and, in each case, the negatives thereof, or similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based on various assumptions, many of which are based on additional assumptions. Although the Company believes that the assumptions reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, there can be no assurance that they will materialize or that they are accurate. Because these statements are based on assumptions or estimates and are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons. Such risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this press release by the forward-looking statements. The Company does not guarantee that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained in this press release are accurate and any reader of this press release should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. The information, opinions and forward-looking statements expressed or implied herein are made only as of the date of this press release and are subject to change. Neither the Company nor anyone else undertake to review, update, confirm or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that arise in relation to the content of this press release, unless required to do so by law or the rules of Nasdaq First North Growth Market.
