# Auroora Group Plc's offering has been oversubscribed and the listing will be completed as planned

**Published:** 2026-04-01 11:30:00
**Source:** [https://mfn.se/ind/a/auroora-group/auroora-group-plcs-offering-has-been-oversubscribed-and-the-listing-will-be-completed-as-planned-1c94c7c3](https://mfn.se/ind/a/auroora-group/auroora-group-plcs-offering-has-been-oversubscribed-and-the-listing-will-be-completed-as-planned-1c94c7c3)
**MFN ID:** auroora-group
**Company:** Auroora Group

---

***NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA, HONG KONG, JAPAN, NEW ZEALAND, SINGAPORE, SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.***

Auroora Group Plc; Stock Exchange Release, April 1, 2026, at 12:30 p.m. EEST

**AUROORA GROUP PLC’S OFFERING HAS BEEN OVERSUBSCRIBED AND THE LISTING WILL BE COMPLETED AS PLANNED**

The Board of Directors of Auroora Group Plc (“**Auroora**” or the “**Company**”) has today, on April 1, 2026, decided on the completion of the initial public offering (the “**Offering**”) (the “**Completion Decision**”). The subscription price for the Offer Shares (as defined below) was EUR 5.20 per share in the Public Offering (as defined below) and the Institutional Offering (as defined below), and EUR 4.68 per share in the Personnel Offering (as defined below), which in total corresponds to a market capitalization of the Company of approximately EUR 155.75 million immediately following the Offering, assuming that the Over-allotment Option (as defined below) will be exercised in full. Demand in the Offering was strong from investors and the Offering was oversubscribed. In the Public Offering, subscriptions were received from approximately 1,700 investors. The number of shareholders in the Company will increase to over 2,000 shareholders following the Offering. Trading of the shares in the Company (the “**Shares**”) is expected to commence on the Official List of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (“**Nasdaq Helsinki**”) on or about April 2, 2026.

In the Offering, the Company will issue 7,795,346 new shares in the Company (the “**New Shares**”), corresponding to approximately 26.0 percent of the total number of the Company’s Shares after the Offering, assuming that the Over-allotment Option will be exercised in full. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the New Shares and the Additional Shares (as defined below) are together referred to herein as the “**Offer Shares**.”

In the Offering, 300,000 Offer Shares will be allocated to private individuals and entities in Finland (the “**Public Offering**”) and 7,017,425 Offer Shares will be allocated to institutional investors in Finland and, in accordance with applicable laws, internationally (the “**Institutional Offering**”), assuming that the Over-allotment Option will be exercised in full. In addition, 477,921 Offer Shares will be allocated to employees who were in a full or part time permanent employment relationship with the Company or its group companies in Finland at the start of the subscription period on March 25, 2026, as well as to the members of the Board of Directors and the management team of the Company and its group companies in Finland (the “**Personnel Offering**”). The commitments given in the Public Offering will be accepted in full for up to 100 Offer Shares per subscriber and approximately 10.21 percent of the commitments exceeding this amount will be accepted. The commitments given in the Personnel Offering will be accepted in full.

The Company will receive gross proceeds of approximately EUR 40.3 million from the Offering assuming that the Over-allotment Option will be exercised in full. The total number of issued and outstanding Shares in the Company will increase to 29,951,075 Shares after the New Shares offered in the Offering are registered in the Trade Register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office on or about April 1, 2026.

**Antti Rauhala, CEO of Auroora, comments:**

*“We are very pleased with the strong interest shown by both domestic and international investors in Auroora’s Offering. The Institutional, Public and Personnel Offerings were all multiple times oversubscribed, which is a strong indication of confidence in our strategy and our ability to create long-term value. At the same time, we established a broad and high-quality ownership base to support our next phase of growth. We are particularly pleased that our personnel actively participated in the Offering and committed to the Company’s future as shareholders. We strive to be the best home for companies, the most trusted partner for entrepreneurs and an attractive investment for investors. I warmly welcome all new shareholders to join us on a journey to target many new Finnish growth stories.”*

**Pekka Tammela, Chair of the Board of Directors, comments:**

*“The successful completion of the Offering is a significant milestone in Auroora’s history. The funds raised in the Offering will provide us with even better possibilities to implement our strategy as a compounder – to continue active acquisitions and support the growth and development of our group companies in the long term. We believe that the listing will increase Auroora’s visibility and make us an even more attractive partner for Finnish small and medium-sized enterprises.”*

The Offer Shares allocated in the Public Offering and the Personnel Offering are recorded in the book-entry accounts of investors who have made an approved commitment on or about the first banking day after the Completion Decision, on or about April 2, 2026. The Offer Shares allocated in the Institutional Offering are expected to be ready to be delivered against payment through Euroclear Finland Oy on or about April 8, 2026.

Confirmations regarding the approval of the commitments and the allocation of Offer Shares will be sent to all investors who have submitted their commitments in the Public Offering as soon as possible and at the latest on or about April 10, 2026. Nordnet Bank AB’s (“**Nordnet**”) own customers who have made their commitments via Nordnet will see their commitments as well as the Offer Shares allocated to them on the transaction page of Nordnet’s online service. Any possible excess amounts paid in connection with the commitments will be refunded to the party that made the commitment to the Finnish bank account identified in the commitment on or about the fifth banking day after the Completion Decision, on or about April 10, 2026. To Nordnet’s own customers who gave their commitments via Nordnet’s place of subscription, the amount to be refunded will be paid to a Nordnet cash account. If an investor’s bank account is in a different bank than the place of subscription, the refund will be paid to a bank account in accordance with the payment schedule of the financial institutions, approximately no later than two banking days thereafter.

Trading of the Shares on the Official List of Nasdaq Helsinki is expected to commence on or about April 2, 2026. The ISIN code of the Shares is FI4000586409, and the share trading code is AUROORA.

The Company has granted to the Managers (as defined below) an over-allotment option, exercisable on behalf of the Managers by DNB Carnegie Investment Bank AB, Finland Branch, (“**DNB Carnegie**”) acting as stabilizing manager (the “**Stabilizing Manager**”), which entitles the Stabilizing Manager to subscribe for a maximum of 1,011,217 additional new Shares (the “**Option Shares**”) at the Subscription Price solely to cover over allotments in connection with the Offering (the “**Over-allotment Option**”). The Over-allotment Option is exercisable within 30 days from the commencement of trading in the Shares on the Official List of Nasdaq Helsinki (*i.e.*, on or about the period between April 2, 2026, and May 1, 2026) (the “**Stabilization Period**”). The Stabilizing Manager and the Company have agreed on a share issue and share return arrangement related to stabilization in connection with the Offering. Pursuant to such arrangement, the Stabilizing Manager may subscribe for a number of new Shares corresponding to the maximum number of the Option Shares (the “**Additional Shares**”) to cover any possible over allotments in connection with the Offering. To the extent that the Stabilizing Manager subscribes for Additional Shares, it must return an equal number of Shares to the Company for redemption and cancellation by the Company. The Additional Shares represent approximately 4.6 percent of the Shares and votes vested by the Shares prior to the Offering and approximately 3.4 percent of the Shares and votes vested by the Shares after the Offering.

The Stabilizing Manager has the right, but is not obligated, to engage in measures during the Stabilization Period that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the Shares. Any stabilization measures will be conducted in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council on market abuse and repealing Directive 2003/6/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and Commission Directives 2003/124/EC, 2003/125/EC and 2004/72/EC (as amended, the “**Market Abuse Regulation**”) and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 supplementing the Market Abuse Regulation with regard to regulatory technical standards for the conditions applicable to buy back programs and stabilization measures.

In connection with the Offering, the Company has to committed to a lock-up during the period that will end 360 days from the listing. The members of the Board of Directors of the Company and the management team of the Company have committed to a lock‑up agreement with similar terms to that of the Company that will end on the date that falls 360 days from the listing. The lock‑up agreement concerns, in respect of the Chair of the Board of Directors of the Company, Pekka Tammela and the CEO, Antti Rauhala, also the Offer Shares under their respective subscription commitments. According to the terms and conditions of the Personnel Offering, the personnel members participated in the Personnel Offering have agreed to comply with a lock‑up with similar terms to that of the Company that will end on the date that falls 360 days from the listing. Other shareholders to which the above lock‑up does not apply to, except for Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company, have agreed to comply with a lock‑up agreement with similar terms to that of the Company that will end on the date that falls 180 days from the listing.

**Advisors**

DNB Carnegie has been appointed to act as sole global coordinator and joint bookrunner for the Offering (the “**Global Coordinator**”) and Nordea Bank Abp has been appointed to act as joint bookrunner for the Offering (together with the Global Coordinator, the “**Managers**”). White & Case LLP acts as the legal advisor to Auroora in connection to the Offering. Borenius Attorneys Ltd acts as the legal advisor to the Managers in connection to the Offering. IR Partners Oy acts as Auroora’s communications advisor. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy acts as the advisor on IPO, tax and financial due diligence services to Auroora.

**Further Enquiries**

Antti Rauhala, CEO, Auroora Group Plc
Tel. +358 40 549 0080
antti.rauhala@auroora.com

**Auroora in Brief**

Auroora is a Finnish compounder and industrial owner that builds long-term, profitable growth through acquisitions and operational development. Auroora acts as a long-term owner and develops its portfolio companies as part of a decentralized and entrepreneurial Group structure.

Auroora operates in three segments: Electrification and Automation, Clean Water and Environmental Technology, and Industrial Products and Services. The Group executes a repeatable acquisition strategy in selected markets and allocates capital to growth that supports sustainable value creation.

The Group comprises more than 20 SMEs employing over 850 people. In 2025, Auroora’s net sales amounted to EUR 205.2 million and adjusted EBITA to EUR 13.5 million. Auroora operates in Finland, and its companies conduct international business, with subsidiaries in Finland, Sweden and Poland.

**Important Information**

This announcement is not being made in and copies of it may not be distributed or sent into the United States, Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore or South Africa.

This document is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “**Prospectus Regulation**”) and underlying legislation. A prospectus prepared pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation and approved by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority is published, and can be obtained from the Company and other places indicated in the prospectus. Investors should not subscribe for or purchase any securities referred to in this announcement except on the basis of information contained in the prospectus.

This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, any securities in the United States. The securities referred to herein may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company does not intend to register any of the securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of the securities in the United States.

In any member state of the European Economic Area other than Finland (each a “**Relevant State**”), this information and this offering are only addressed to and directed at persons who are “Qualified Investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. The securities are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with, Qualified Investors. This information should not be acted upon or relied upon in any Relevant State by persons who are not Qualified Investors.

This communication does not constitute an offer of the securities to the public in the United Kingdom. No prospectus has been or will be approved in the United Kingdom in respect of the securities. This communication is being distributed to and is directed only at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom, (ii) persons who are investment professionals within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “**Order**”) and (iii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom this announcement may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “**Relevant Persons**”). Any investment activity to which this communication relates will only be available to and will only be engaged with, Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.

Matters discussed in this announcement may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intends,” “estimate,” “will,” “may,” “continue,” “should” and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors, which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements.

The information, opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its date, and are subject to change without notice.

**Information to Distributors**

Solely for the purposes of the product governance requirements contained within: (a) EU Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended (“**MiFID II**”), (b) Articles 9 and 10 of Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 supplementing MiFID II, and (c) local implementing measures (together, the “**MiFID II Product Governance Requirements**”), and disclaiming all and any liability, whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise, which any “manufacturer” (for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto, the Shares have been subject to a product approval process, which has determined that they each are (i) compatible with an end target market of retail investor and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties, each as defined in MiFID II (the “**Target Market Assessment**”), and (ii) eligible for distribution through all distribution channels as are permitted by MiFID II. Distributors should note that: the price of the shares in the Company may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the Shares offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment in the Shares is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection, who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to the requirements in any contractual, legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the Offering.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Target Market Assessment does not constitute (a) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of MiFID II; or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in, obtain, or take any other action concerning the Shares. Each distributor is responsible for its own Target Market Assessment in respect of the Shares and determining the appropriate distribution channels.
