# Isofol receives gross proceeds of 18.9 MSEK in connection with the exercise of warrants and guarantee commitments for warrants of series TO1, and resolves on a directed share issue

**Published:** 2026-03-31 17:00:00
**Source:** [https://mfn.se/a/isofol-medical/isofol-receives-gross-proceeds-of-18-9-msek-in-connection-with-the-exercise-of-warrants-and-guarantee-commitments-for-warrants-of-series-to1-and-resolves-on-a-directed-share-issue](https://mfn.se/a/isofol-medical/isofol-receives-gross-proceeds-of-18-9-msek-in-connection-with-the-exercise-of-warrants-and-guarantee-commitments-for-warrants-of-series-to1-and-resolves-on-a-directed-share-issue)
**MFN ID:** isofol-medical
**Company:** Isofol Medical AB (publ)

---

**GOTHENBURG, Sweden, 31 March 2026 – Isofol Medical AB (publ) (Nasdaq Stockholm: ISOFOL) today announces that the exercise period for warrants of series TO1 (“TO1”) in Isofol (“Isofol” or the “Company”) ended on 30 March 2026. The outcome shows that a total of 37,301,067 TO1 were exercised for subscription of 37,301,067 new shares, corresponding to a subscription rate of approximately 93.57 per cent. As the warrants were not exercised in full, the top guarantee commitment has been utilised, corresponding to 2,083,332 shares or approximately 5.23 per cent of the outstanding warrants. The Board of Directors intends, pursuant to the authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting on 21 May 2025, to resolve on a directed share issue of these shares to the existing shareholder Solasia Pharma K.K. at a subscription price corresponding to the exercise price for TO1. Through the exercise of the warrants of series TO1 and guarantee commitments, Isofol will receive approximately 18.9 MSEK before issue costs.**

*This press release may not be made public, published or distributed, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States of America, Australia, Belarus, Hong Kong, Japan, Canada, New Zealand, Russia, Singapore, South Africa, South Korea, Switzerland or any other jurisdiction where such disclosure, distribution or publication of this press release would be unlawful or require additional registration measure- or other measures. For more information, refer to the section “Important information” at the end of this press release.*

The exercise period for TO1 was 16 March to 30 March 2026. One (1) TO1 entitled the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share at a subscription price of SEK 0.48 per share. The outcome shows that 37,301,067 TO1 were exercised for subscription of 37,301,067 new shares. The exercise rate therefore amounted to approximately 93.57 per cent. Through the exercise of TO1, Isofol will receive approximately 17.9 MSEK before issue costs.

Top guarantee commitment from Solasia Pharma K.K. and resolution on a directed share issue
In accordance with Isofol Medical AB’s press release on 11 March 2026, the Company has received a top guarantee commitment from the existing shareholder and development and commercialisation partner Solasia Pharma K.K., amounting to a total of approximately 5.23 per cent of the issue proceeds that the Company may receive upon full exercise of the warrants of series TO1. As the warrants were exercised to approximately 93.57 per cent, the guarantee commitment has been utilised corresponding to approximately 1.0 MSEK.

Against this background, the guarantor will subscribe for shares in Isofol in a directed share issue at a subscription price corresponding to the exercise price of the warrants of series TO1. The Board of Directors has today, pursuant to the authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting on 21 May 2025, resolved on the directed share issue on the same terms as those applicable to the exercise of the warrants. The Board resolved to issue a total of 2,083,332 shares, corresponding to an increase in share capital of SEK 63,787.102141. The deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is made as part of delivering shares to Solasia Pharma K.K. within the framework of the top guarantee agreement entered into with Isofol.

The Board of Directors has assessed that the continued strong interest from Solasia Pharma K.K. in engaging with Isofol and its operations, as well as the fact that the issue can be carried out on the terms already set out in TO1, without additional dilution for existing shareholders, justifies the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights in this case. Furthermore, Solasia Pharma K.K. has not been able to acquire the number of TO1 required to fulfil its guarantee commitment, and the Board of Directors therefore considers that a directed issue at a subscription price corresponding to the exercise price of shares in TO1 is on market terms.

Impact on the number of shares and share capital
Through the exercise of TO1, the total number of shares in Isofol will increase by 37,301,067 from 281,107,224 shares to 318,408,291 shares, and the share capital will increase by SEK 1,142,077.676867, from SEK 8,606,892.809164 to SEK 9,748,970.486031. The dilution for existing shareholders who have not exercised any TO1 will thus amount to approximately 11.71 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company.

Taking the above into account, as well as the Board of Directors’ resolution on a directed share issue within the framework of the top guarantee, the total number of shares in Isofol will increase by 2,083,332 additional shares, from 318,408,291 shares to 320,491,623 shares, and the share capital will increase by SEK 63,787.102141, from SEK 9,748,970.486031 to SEK 9,812,757.588172. The dilution for existing shareholders who have not exercised any TO1 will thus amount to approximately 12.29 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company.

Advisors
ABG Sundal Collier AB is acting as financial advisor, and Advokatfirman Vinge KB is legal advisor, to the Company and Aqurat Fondkommission is the issuing agent in connection with the administration of TO1.

For more information, please contact
**Isofol Medical AB (publ)****
**Petter Segelman Lindqvist, Chief Executive Officer
E-mail: [petter.s.lindqvist@isofolmedical.com](mailto:petter.s.lindqvist@isofolmedical.com) 
Phone: +46 (0) 739 60 12 56

Margareta Hagman, Chief Financial Officer
E-mail: [margareta.hagman@isofolmedical.com](mailto:margareta.hagman@isofolmedical.com)
Phone: +46 (0) 738 73 34 18

*The information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact persons set out above, on March 31, 2026 at 17:00 CEST.*

About Isofol
Isofol Medical AB is a research-based biotechnology company in clinical phase, working to improve the prognosis for patients with severe forms of cancer. The Company’s drug candidate, arfolitixorin, is intended to enhance the efficacy of first-line standard treatment for several types of solid tumours and is currently being studied in colorectal cancer, the world’s third most common form of cancer, where there is a significant unmet medical need for improved treatments. A Phase Ib/II study is currently being conducted using a new dosing regimen, which is expected to optimise the effect of the drug candidate. Isofol Medical AB (publ) is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm.

[www.isofolmedical.com](http://www.isofolmedical.com/)

Important information
The information in this press release does not contain and does not constitute an offer to acquire, subscribe for, or otherwise trade in shares, warrants, or other securities in Isofol. No action has been taken, and no actions will be taken, to permit an offer to the public in any jurisdictions other than Sweden.

This release is not a prospectus in accordance with the definition in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (“**Prospectus Regulation**”) and has not been approved by any regulatory authority in any jurisdiction. This announcement does not identify or suggest, or purport to identify or suggest, the risks (direct or indirect) that may be associated with an investment in shares, warrants or other securities in Isofol. In order for investors to fully understand the potential risks and benefits associated with a decision to exercise warrants, any investment decision should only be made based on the information in the prospectus published by the Company on 17 June 2025 (“**Prospectus**”). Thus, investors are encouraged to review the Prospectus in its entirety. In accordance with article 2 k of the Prospectus Regulation this press release constitutes an **advertisement**.

The information in this press release may not be released, distributed or published, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States, Australia, Belarus, Hong Kong, Japan, Canada, New Zealand, Russia, Switzerland, Singapore, South Africa, South Korea or any other jurisdiction in which such action would be unlawful or would be subject to legal restrictions or require any other measures than those required by Swedish law. Actions in violation of these restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable securities laws. No shares, warrants or other securities in Isofol have been registered, and no shares, warrants or other securities will be registered, under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “**Securities Act**”) or the securities legislation of any state or other jurisdiction in the United States of America and may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States, except under an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements under the Securities Act and in compliance with the securities legislation in the relevant state or any other jurisdiction of the United States.

Within the European Economic Area (“**EEA**”), no public offering of shares, warrants or other securities (“**Securities**”) is made in other countries than Sweden. In other member states of the European Union (“**EU**”), such an offering of Securities may only be made in accordance with the exceptions in the Prospectus Regulation. In other member states of the EEA which have implemented the Prospectus Regulation in its national legislation, any offer of Securities may only be made in accordance with an applicable exemption in the Prospectus Regulation and/or in accordance with an applicable exemption under a relevant national implementation measure. In other member states of the EEA which have not implemented the Prospectus Regulation in its national legislation, any offer of Securities may only be made in accordance with an applicable exemption under national law.

In the United Kingdom, this document and any other materials in relation to the securities described herein is only being distributed to, and is only directed at, and any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to, and will be engaged in only with, “qualified investors” (within the meaning of the United Kingdom version of the EU Prospectus Regulation (2017/1129/ EU) which is part of United Kingdom law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) who are (i) persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within the definition of “investment professionals” in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “**Order**”); (ii) high net worth entities etc. falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order; or (iii) such other persons to whom such investment or investment activity may lawfully be made available under the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “**relevant persons**”). In the United Kingdom, any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to, and will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Persons who are not relevant persons should not take any action on the basis of this press release and should not act or rely on it.

This press release may contain forward-looking statements which reflect the Company’s current view on future events and financial and operational development. Words such as “*intend*”, “*will*”, “*assess*”, “*expect*”, “*may*”, “*plan*”, “*consider*”, “*estimate*” and other expressions which imply indications or predictions of future development or trends, and which are not based on historical facts, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements inherently involve both known and unknown risks and uncertainties as they depend on future events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future results or development, and the actual outcome could differ materially from the forward-looking statements.

This information, opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this press release applies only as of the date hereof and may be subject to change without notice. Isofol makes no commitment to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, future events or similar circumstances other than as required by applicable law.

Since Isofol conducts essential services according to the Swedish Screening of Foreign Direct Investments Act (Sw. *lag (2023:560) om granskning av utländska direktinvesteringar*), certain investments in the Company’s shares may require review by the Inspectorate of Strategic Products (ISP). More information on this can be found on the Company’s website[, https://isofolmedical.com](https://isofolmedical.com/).

*The English text is an unofficial translation of the original Swedish text. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation, the Swedish text shall prevail.*

Attachments
[20260331_PM_Isofol_Outcome TO1 2026](https://storage.mfn.se/27a68919-8e98-4467-bfa0-0ad383102a5c/20260331_pm_isofol_outcome-to1-2026.pdf)
